Add notes for 62 (#4090)
weaveworks/eksctl: docs/release_notes/0.62.0.md

# Release 0.62.0

## Improvements

- Deprecate all Flux v1 commands (#4076)
- Update AWS node to 1.9 (#4085)

## Bug Fixes

> - Use eksbuild.1 for kube-proxy on 18 and older (#4086)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revert to build.1 for kube-proxy addon versions (#4091)
```

if https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/pull/4091 is merged

Reviewer: merged
